You guys.
He is the famous leader of the top demon sect.
Pham Hien of Bat Lao village
Waiting for people to destroy me.
Luckily I escaped death.
Now he disguises himself as Tieu Dao to come and bloodbath the martial arts convention.
Avenge their damn village.
Aren't you a storyteller?
Now everyone believe it.
I am the captain of the free team.
He is a spy sent by the leader of the Demonic Cult.
Yours is fake.
This one of mine is real.
Everyone knows
The leader is a martial arts master.
And I'm just an ordinary person.
If you don't believe it, you can come here and try it.
Don't go.
Aren't you afraid he will hurt you?
If he were real, I wouldn't be able to run either.
Yes.
Not a martial artist.
So how did he get to the first place in the sect tournament to beat his father without internal energy?
My father is so good, why do I still want to practice martial arts?
What a great product.
I want a father like that.
This sect I see one throw one.
Just playing this world what's wrong?
You have no charm, you lied to me, when did I say I have charm?
You can't be arrogant for long.
The head of the Freedom Sect is also the wife of To Truong Tung.
If it appears here
That's it.
Why hasn't this dog thief To Thanh Tung appeared yet?
Next begins the election of martial arts leader.
Next, please welcome the puppet master Su Sung Song to announce his election manifesto.